hey guys okay so in today's video what
I'm going to do is a really quick hall
from target I wouldn't yesterday with my
mom but before then I wanted to show you
guys something um it sort of like a DIY
I used to do a lot of them back in the
dizzy but now I'm trying to start to do
them more it is a do-it-yourself
high-to-low sure it's more on the casual
side so if you guys want to see it video
just go ahead and comment down below and
like this video I went to target
yesterday so i'm gonna show you the
makeup that I bought and i also bought
two other things that I'm really excited
about um you guys already know that I am
absolutely obsessed with Milan ease
eyebrow kit I'm not wearing it today
surprisingly and do my eyebrows but
that's the one that I usually go for and
I went to go buy another one yesterday
cuz i wanted to have a backup and it
ended up being like 794 so our just like
you know what i heard good things about
this one so i'm just gonna go ahead and
try it and this one is the elf eyebrow
kids but i haven't used it yet so i'm
not too sure but it comes a little brush
and a gel and a light medium colors so
i'm excited to try this I hope it'll
turn out good but I've been I've been
really trying to find a good tinted
moisturizer that isn't too expensive so
I decided to pick up the elf tinted
moisturizer and it also has SPF 20 which
is pretty good and I got it in the color
sand I haven't tried it yet but I am
thinking about doing a first impressions
video so if you guys want to see that
just go ahead and tell me down below as
well oh you guys already know that this
my elf brush is my favorite brush of all
time so I decided to buy another one I
didn't realize this when I fought it but
I don't know if you guys can tell i
think they shrink the brush oh there you
go it's like this is the mommy and this
is the baby I don't know what happened
there but i like it a little bit better
just because it can fit in my makeup bag
but the next thing I got which is why I
wanted to get um go to target in the
first place was the waterproof eyeliner
pen from ELF this is only a dollar I've
used it before but it dried out because
i lost the cap oops so yeah you guys
should try this out i absolutely love
that eyeliner surprisingly for a dollar
airliner it works really well and the
next thing i got is my Revlon Photoready
conceal
I'm in medium this is really the only
concealer that I like I haven't tried
like high-end ones though I'm planning
on getting the mac one but I'm not too
sure but I'm in media alright so that's
it for a makeup the next two things that
I got is a purse and some hair tool this
is the purse that I got it's black and I
think it's pleather I don't think it's
real leather but it's from Massimo
company and it was on sale it was
originally like thirty dollars i think
but i got three dollars off so it's
super cute and this is like way too
short and there you go that's probably a
lot better i'm super excited about this
bag so the last thing that I got is
actually what I did to my hair today um
this is a little bit more subtle um it's
because I slept in it so um I woke up it
was a little bit more waves out and
stuff so um this is it actually it is
the Revlon waiver I don't have the
packaging so I don't remember what it's
called but this one is 2689 and there's
a smaller version which is eighteen
dollars but I really wanted this one
because it's you know bigger I don't
really want scrunchie hair even though
it already looks like it but all you do
you know is just you burnt burnt burnt
front front like that but if you guys
want to see a tutorial on like Beach
wavy hair or something just go ahead and
request it and I'll just use this that's
basically it that's all this up i bought
sorry if this video wasn't do
entertaining but yeah i really like all
this stuff i'm going to try out the
eyebrow kit and the tinted moisturizer
i'm gonna do a first impressions
actually so i hope you guys enjoy and
i'll talk to you later